h1. ebookey

A HTML to ebook converter as web service.

Supports
- url 

h1. Requirements

1. Java 8
2. Typesafe Activator

bc.. cd /tmp
wget http://downloads.typesafe.com/typesafe-activator/1.3.2/typesafe-activator-1.3.2-minimal.zip
unzip typesafe-activator-1.3.2-minimal.zip
sudo mv activator-1.3.2-minimal /opt

h1. Run

h2. Download

bc.. cd /tmp
git clone https://github.com/Raul-Vasi/ebookey
cd ebookey

h2. Run

bc.. /opt/activator-1.3.2-minimal/activator run

p. Go to http://localhost:9000

h2. Manual Test

bc. curl -XGET "http://localhost:9000/?url=https://www.hbz-nrw.de/"

that's all! Repeating requests will be answered with a cached version using 'url' and 'size' as cache address.

h1. Install on Ubuntu

bc.. 
cd /tmp/ebookey
/opt/activator-1.3.2-minimal/activator dist
cp target/universal/ebookey-1.0-SNAPSHOT.zip  /tmp
cd /tmp
unzip ebookey-1.0-SNAPSHOT.zip
mv ebookey-1.0-SNAPSHOT /opt/ebookey

p. edit startscript

bc.. sudo cp /tmp/ebookey/install/ebookey.tmpl /etc/init.d/ebookey
sudo chmod u+x /etc/init.d/ebookey
sudo editor /etc/init.d/ebookey

p. set the following vars

bc.. JAVA_HOME=/opt/java
HOME="/opt/ebookey"
USER="user to run ebookey"
GROUP="user to run ebookey"
SECRET=`uuidgen` # generate a secret e.g. using uuidgen
PORT=9003

p. include into system start and shutdown

bc.. sudo update-rc.d ebookey defaults 99 20

p. start

bc.. sudo service ebookey start

h1. Update

bc.. 
rm -rf /tmp/ebookey
cd /tmp
git clone https://github.com/Raul-Vasi/ebookey
cd /tmp/ebookey
/opt/activator-1.3.2-minimal/activator dist
cp target/universal/ebookey-1.0-SNAPSHOT.zip  /tmp
cd /tmp
unzip ebookey-1.0-SNAPSHOT.zip
cp /opt/ebookey/conf/application.conf /tmp/ebookey-1.0-SNAPSHOT/conf
sudo service ebookey stop
rm -rf /opt/ebookey/*
mv /tmp/ebookey-1.0-SNAPSHOT/* /opt/ebookey/
sudo service ebookey start

h1. License

GNU AFFERO GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE 
Version 3, 19 November 2007
